hello so can we get a packet management
to use IP FS and just suit packages in
2019 today thank you so yesterday we had
a working group together with a special
interest group so it's a bit of a mix
match so I'm just gonna focus on geeks
here and I'm just going to talk about
the specificities of the implementation
we discussed with our actor so actually
there's already an implementation out
there and it kind of works
Ludovico test the maintainer geeks
publisher patch almost six months ago
now and we test so it actually works
that's pretty cool right but there were
some shortcomings that need to be
addressed so it hasn't been merged here
so my main paramedics are here so how do
we store your packages should we store
it as a turbo on ipfs or the files
individually so we stole a turbo then we
want to benefit from the duplicity so we
want to use the turbo chunker but the
top which NK self-renew is not very well
maintained and we're not just with your
producible because if we assemble the
chunks and we don't get the same table
on where that's a problem we can only
use that word so we need to work in a
turbine chunker or maybe not or just use
something simpler the other main issue
with package management in general is
that you need metadata that is not
necessary on unique surface for instance
which find executable is executable and
I think most packet in most package
managers need that which means that we
need to storage somewhere so I think you
want to explain the metadata unique that
has to be anything
basically unique surface v1 doesn't
allow you to specify when a file was
executable so when you extract it from
ipfs and put it on this queues at the
executive of flag and this is a program
for geeks as far as I know
so so if we don't go this word then
actual suggested that
so maybe IBF also a PFS sorry eunuchs
FSB - is kasha so I plz is the answer
[Applause]